Update documentation to include the indexer URLs (#7058)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/wazuh-server/step-by-step.rst

              # apt-get -y install wazuh-manager|WAZUH_MANAGER_DEB_PKG_INSTALL|

>         .. note:: If you are using the vulnerability detection module, you need configure the indexer connection

Author: Done!

>   #. Configure indexer connection

Author: Done!

              # apt-get -y install wazuh-manager|WAZUH_MANAGER_DEB_PKG_INSTALL|

        .. note:: If you are using the vulnerability detection module, you need configure the indexer connection

  #. Configure indexer connection

>       Edit the ``/var/ossec/etc/ossec.conf`` with the following command and set your indexer IP address and port:
> 
>         .. include:: /_templates/installations/indexer/common/configue_indexer_ip.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Update the `<host>` label of the `<indexer>` section on the ``/var/ossec/etc/ossec.conf`` file, with your indexer IP address and port.
```

>         .. include:: /_templates/installations/indexer/common/configue_indexer_ip.rst

Author: Thanks!
